Improvements to Activity related concepts (#1210)
temporalio/documentation: docs/concepts/what-is-asynchronous-activity-completion.md

---
id: what-is-asynchronous-activity-completion
title: What is Asynchronous Activity Completion?
sidebar_label: Asynchronous Activity Completion

> description: Asynchronous Activity Completion is the scenario where the final result of a computation, started by an Activity, is provided to the Temporal Platform through the Temporal Client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Asynchronous Activity Completion occurs when an external system provides the final result of a computation, started by an Activity, to the Temporal System.
```
Un-passive-fying* the sentence. (*Of _course_ that's a word. Why wouldn't it be a word?)
